WTD AU Landing Page (#1266)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/australia/2020/news/announcing-virtual-conf-dates.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: July 10, 2020
   :tags: australia-2020, tickets, sponsors

Announcing virtual conference dates
===================================

> Write the Docs Australia 2020 will be a virtual conference. Plus this year, we are partnering with Write the Docs India for 2 days of Asia Pacific documentation goodness!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the Docs Australia 2020 will be a virtual conference. For the first time we are partnering with Write the Docs India for 2 days of Asia Pacific documentation goodness!
```

> We decided to move the conference to December, to allow for enough time after the new Prague conference dates in October.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're holding the conference in December, to allow for enough time after the new Prague conference dates in October.
```

But maybe we don't need to mention it at all?
